You are your mother. Then when you sent me to someone else's bed, did you ever think that I was your daughter?
I'll take care of it from now on. Or who.
Have you proposed to our Ye family wanderer?
You must be the man who made our sister Zhu Zi rich.
The descendants of Zhou Gongzi of the Shen family can come from Ba Zunye.
What about you? Did we skip a single word?
right. It was this man Qingyuan who made Lao Ye so unfaithful to Hua.
It's true that you didn't say a word. It even made Qingyuan's belly bigger.
Our two families have already contacted each other overnight.
You arranged things all by yourself
I've done so many things that I don't care about.
You still have trading items
I haven’t even figured out my own affairs yet.
Then let her go to Zhou Company to make a lot of money.
The company is happy that there is no transfer of business
Don’t rush to find out what to do today.
In fact, it has already happened
We should think carefully about how to confuse Zhou Company
It won't be the day of delivery
Unbelievable
Why are you rushing like this?
Even if I go out, noonononono
It’s you who is brave to Nuonuo
I happen to have Noononononono on hand.